It is said that the royal family and the Fang family jointly made it
It seems that Qin Ye's name is used
I can't help you without grandpa.
OK, I see.
What's the matter? My store's expectations are gone.
Hahahaha, did you hear that?
This antique store has lost its expectations
It's like breaking your arms.
See how you live
If you don't expect it, you can find it again.
Teacher Fang, please go to my store and wait for me first.
I'll figure it out.
Bridge hmm
Why did you call me out?
I said the expected things can't help you
Or come back
I don't want to come back.
I just want you to take me to the stockyard to pick it out yourself
Do you want to gamble on stones?
Um no no no
This is not for little kids to play with.
Stone gambling is different from looking at antiques
Besides, those predictions are expensive
How do you have that much money?
Is that why I came to you?
Give me money
In your dreams, you think I am stupid and have a lot of money.
Take the money and waste it
Hey
Your grandfather told you before he left
I'm opening a store, you need to help
Now there is a problem with my store.
What's wrong with you giving some money?
Hey you
Okay, just this once.
It has nothing to do with me after helping you.
Thank you, Miss Chen.